Stop customhostnames from waiting for SSL if it's already active (#2638)
cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare: .changelog/2638.txt

```release-note:bug

> resource/cloudflare_custom_hostname: Fix customhostnames from waiting for SSL with `wait_for_ssl_pending_validation` if SSL status is `active`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/cloudflare_custom_hostname: prevent infinite loop when `wait_for_ssl_pending_validation` is set if SSL status is already `active`
```
